Sprint Review:

Sprint 1:
What is accomplished: 


Still to do:


Sprint 2 Backlog:
	See todo.txt for initial division of tasks. This was partially followed but we found it easier to be more flexible in who worked on what.
	
	1. Update Race class to support parallel individual races.
	Worked on by: Thomas (bugfixing) Skyler (Second ready queue and relevant changes)
	2. Update Simulator class.
	Worked on by: 
	3. Create Logger class.
	Worked on by: Hart (added Export function, refactored existing code)
	4. Update Race class test cases.
	Worked on by: Thomas (major contributor)
	5. Update Simulator class test cases.
	Worked on by: Hart (added logger.export() to ENDRUN)
	6. Write Logger class test cases.
	Worked on by: Hart
	
Acceptance Test Outputs:


Retrospective:

  Thomas:
    What worked: Communication. Most of us have been quick to respond to concerns and comments on our Discord server, allowing for better coordination and thus better work.
    What didn't work: Scheduling. We've all been having trouble keeping up with our own self-imposed work schedules, causing a lot of the work to be skewed much closer to when out projects are due than we had originally planned.
    Start doing: Personal Time Management. I'll admit a lot of my problems with this project have been due to issues I have with managing my time. Hasn't helped that I've been especially busy this last week. This is more of a personal goal to change, as I don't know how well it applies to my fellow group members.
    
  Stephen:
    What worked: Planning session at the start of sprint was very detailed on what we needed to accomplish and helped organize the work better.
    What didn't work: One person to a task (this goes for sprint one as well). having a more in depth review or two people collaborating on any given part of the project would lead to better more thought out code with less revising needed (probably). 
    Start doing: We should set more soft deadlines to try andmanage our sprint better across the weeks (hard to do for 1 week sprint)
    
  Skyler:
    What worked: Planning sessions were fruitful and efficient. Distributed nature of the project allows for quick work on separate objects. Switching up who worked on what topics allowed for understanding the entire system.
    What didn't work: It felt like it took too long before much of the development work was completed. Soft deadlines are a must for Sprint 3. Also, teams for larger parts of the development will be important for Sprint 3. Once again it felt like some people were assigned a far greater amount of work then other, so teams would be nice to fix that.
    Start doing: Soft deadlines, starting the next sprint the first week it is available. Create teams for the tougher or longer tasks.
    
  Hart:
    What worked: The nature of the work was split up into very specific tasks allowing those assigned to work on fully comprehending their portion of the sprint and fulfilling specific functional requirements.
    What didn't work: Individuals worked on segregated tasks creating a myopic understanding of how objects were integrated and cofunctioned. 
    Start doing: A document created at the start of the sprint should be shared stating the objectives and deliverables in our own words might help everyone understand fully the nature of the Sprint. Constant discord check-ins or small group teams for tasks can help us stay on track to completing the sprint comfortably.  
    
  Nathan:
    What worked: 
    What didn't work: 
    Start doing: 
